Add `files` to Strapi Client docs (#2463)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/api/client.md

await homepage.delete();
```

### Working with files

> The Strapi Client provides access to the Strapi Media Library through the Upload plugin via the `files` property. This allows you to retrieve and manage file metadata without directly interacting with the REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Strapi Client provides access to the [Media Library](/cms/features/media-library) via the `files` property. This allows you to retrieve and manage file metadata without directly interacting with the REST API.
```
